[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] The evil soldiers
have captured Marie and King.
Jean and Nadia sneaked into
the secret base to rescue them,
only to find that their mission
was fraught with danger.
Meanwhile, the cunning Gargoyle
plots his wicked destiny.
Trapped by soldiers,
Nadia turned herself in
to save Jean's life.
Will she live to
learn the secret?
[harpsichord music playing]
[Gargoyle] It's
been so long, Nadia.
I never thought
we would meet again.
I've never seen
you before in my life.
You wouldn't remember.
You were still a baby then.
It's understandable.
Wouldn't you like to know
when we first met?
No, thank you. I don't
want to know any murderers.
[Gargoyle scoffs]
You're just like your father,
hardheaded to the end.
Now then,
where is the Blue Water?
I threw it into the ocean.
Oh?
[Gargoyle snaps fingers]
[muffled chatter]
King! Marie!
[Gargoyle] Don't
you care what happens to them?
I told you I threw it away.
Your threats
can't bring it back.
They have nothing to do--
[Gargoyle] I'll ask again.
Where is the Blue Water?
In the Atlantic.
Hmm.
[bulb glass breaks]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Marie, please, don't look.
[Gargoyle]
Don't allow your stubborn nature
to cause another death.
You beast! Stop it!
You murder so casually!
God will never forgive you
for what you have done!
I won't tell you where it is,
no matter how many times
you ask me!
Set Marie and King free now
and release the people--Oh.
[Gargoyle] Your angry
words have betrayed you.
Tell me where
the Blue Water really is.
She is a lovely
child, isn't she?
Why do you want
to be responsible for her death?
You call me a beast,
yet you're willing to trade
her innocent life
for a piece of jewelry.
Is the Blue Water
really worth that much?
You will regret this forever.
[whimpers, grunts]
Please wait.
I'll tell you.
[Gargoyle]
Where is the Blue Water?
Jean...
the boy who brought me
to this place, is holding it.
Thank you, Nadia.
I'm sorry, Jean.
[sirens wailing]
Find that boy.
Search every shaft and cavern.
Don't even let a mouse
escape your attention.
[sirens wailing]
They must have
Nadia inside the castle.
But there are too many soldiers.
[sighs]
I'll find you.
You've got to--
Listen to our hearts.
And let us go.
[all] Ohh.
[chuckles] You'll be given
all the comforts that we bestow
on every resident here.
[ominous music playing]
-[all screaming]
-We'll do all that we can
to see that you turn out
just like your neighbor.
[all screaming]
[door closes]
[all] Just kidding.
Well, now, what's the plan?
First, it's important
that we get
some well-deserved
rest and relaxation.
Good idea.
All that awful
manual labor wore me out.
And it almost mussed up
my beautiful hair.
[Grandis] Let's wait
until dark to make our move
and sleep in the meantime.
[both] Okay.
[Sanson snoring]
Huh?
[screams]
[grunts]
[train chugging]
[train horn honking]
What is all this?
I got it.
[laughs] Their own train will
carry me right into the castle.
[Nadia] As long as
the search lights are on,
I'll know
that you're still safe, Jean.
[man] Forgive our tardiness.
I have prepared the finest meal
for you, Princess.
Princess?
Yes, miss.
Why do you call me that?
I was instructed to address
you as Princess
and to see that you
are treated accordingly.
There is no need to address me
in such a manner.
Regardless of that,
I would never eat
a meal prepared by murderers.
Your soup may have grown cold.
Shall I replace
it for you, Princess?
Where are Marie and King?
They are taking
their dinner as well.
[indistinct chatter]
I'm hungry! I'm hungry! Hungry!
[man] Silence!
Eat!
[conveyor chugging]
[Marie gasps]
Soup.
[both gasp]
[train whistle blowing]
Will this train ever move?
[stomach rumbling]
I'm terribly hungry.
Now then, we've had our nap
and missed our dinner.
I think it's high time
we checked out of this
rotten hotel.
[both] I couldn't agree more,
ma'am,
so just leave everything to me.
We are living
in a scientific era,
so I hope you're not thinking of
using brute strength, are you?
Oh, but of course.
I hope you're not planning
on doing something as clichéd
as picking the lock,
you overgrown bookworm.
The only cliché around here
is your primitive attitude.
[Sanson] Oh, really?
Well, let me tell you something.
My method will get us
out of here a whole lot quicker.
-Back off.
-Watch me.
You watch.
Pardon. May I borrow
one of your hairpins?
Why not?
Hmm.
-Begin.
[grunts and groans]
[suspenseful music playing]
-Got it!
[both grunt]
Knock it off.
[grunts]
[Sanson] This is bad.
With all of
that activity out there,
it's going to be difficult
to make our escape. [gasps]
I say we hide out
in one of the train cars.
Maybe it will leave in the
morning and take us out of here.
-Good idea!
Shh.
-Good idea.
[chuckles]
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[birds chirping]
Lord Gargoyle wishes to see you,
Princess.
Tell him I don't
wish to see him.
The little girl and baby lion
will be with him.
[gasps] You mean
I can visit Marie and King?
[elevator dings]
[dramatic music playing]
[Marie] Now King
can look pretty too.
-[chuckles]
-Marie. King. I found you.
Nadia.
-[gasps]
-[King purring]
Hi, King. [chuckles]
Look at all
the beautiful flowers.
[chuckles]
Yes, they're lovely.
So you're pleased
with my garden in the sky?
This represents the apotheosis
of Neo-Atlantean science.
-Science?
-Correct.
Every tree, every flower,
every blade of grass you see
was created by us.
Best of all, we have
designed them to be immortal.
Their beauty will never fade
or fall to the season's
brutal winds.
Neo-Atlantean
science has improved
the defective craftsmanship
of the originator.
We have mastered the technology
to become the creator
of all things.
We are the new gods.
Such arrogance.
Nadia, I am
offering you the opportunity
to collaborate with us
on this monumental venture.
I demand
that you give us our freedom.
[sighs] I'm sorry,
but that's out of the question.
Hmm.
We're leaving.
I suggest you stop.
You're only going
to get yourselves hurt.
[grunts]
[Marie sobbing]
[Gargoyle] I neglected
to warn you
that the entire garden
is enclosed
in an invisible security wall.
It's made from a rather
remarkable substance
called Textites.
Do not disobey me again.
[King growling]
[Gargoyle] Your little friends
are free to play
within its confines, however.
Come with me, Nadia.
I want to show you
the breadth of our power.
-[metal clattering]
-[gasps]
[train horn whistles]
Finally.
[all] We're free!
This is the new power plant
that supplies
the compound with electricity.
Merely half of
the plant's output
would be enough to light Paris
and London as bright as day.
This incredible tool
bestows on us
the unlimited power
of the Almighty.
Behold the keystone
of our strength.
[dramatic music playing]
[Gargoyle] The Tower of Babel.
Electricity from the power plant
is fed into the tower,
where it is converted
into particle energy.
This is the heart of Babel.
Magnificent.
The particle energy
is accelerated
through the spiral structure
and compressed
into the central chamber.
It can then be released
into the heavens
in the form of a light beam.
At that point, the vengeance
of the gods can be unleashed.
The beam is returned to Earth,
destroying anything in its path
with terrifying heat.
[Nadia gasps]
Nothing within its grasp
will live to see another day.
Hmm.
We can direct the beam
to any point on Earth
and erase it within seconds.
Our might is beyond measure.
We can create
anything we desire...
[Nadia] Jean, where are you?
[Gargoyle]
and annihilate that...
[Nadia] I need you now.
[Gargoyle]
which we abhor. That...
-is the power of gods.
-[Nadia] Jean.
[Jean] Wait for me, Nadia.
I will find you and get you out
of here.
[train horn whistles]
[metal clacks]
[Gargoyle] Such an enchanting
vision, so much time,
so many long years
have gone into its fruition,
and tonight you will be
treated to a firsthand view
of its wonder.
We shall recreate the final
night of Sodom and Gomorrah.
-Hmm? Sodom and Gomorrah?
-Yes.
Two great cities that were wiped
from the face of the earth
in one night by
the wrath of God.
They offended Him so strongly
that He negated their existence
by supreme fiat.
In a few short hours,
that ability will no longer
be His sole domain.
Tonight, we will demonstrate
our ascendancy to His throne
on His chief creation.
[Nadia] I will not
witness anything of the sort.
Let go. [grunts]
[Gargoyle] Oh, but you will.
I will require
your full cooperation
in this matter, Nadia.
I will never cooperate with you.
[Gargoyle]
Hah! We'll see about that.
Huh? Uh-oh.
What is this place?
I don't like this.
There are even
more guards in here.
Looks like we're
trapped in this car.
[Grandis] Let's
watch and wait for a while.
[Hanson]
Right.
[soldier 1] Carefully!
Set it down gently.
If we put one small scratch
on it,
Lord Gargoyle will
make us regret it.
[soldier 1]
Unless you wanna be shark food.
[soldier 2] We've worked
too hard to damage
the artificial Orihalcon now.
Orihalcon?
[applause]
[Gargoyle] My dear colleagues,
the day we have worked toward
for so long has finally arrived.
Tonight the power
of Atlantis will rise again.
[Atlanteans cheering]
Neo Atlan! Kneel, mankind.
After 12 long years and an
enormous expenditure of funds,
our plan has finally
come to realization.
It is my unparalleled honor
to share the fruits of our labor
with you here tonight.
Without your unconditional
cooperation,
this fulfillment of our hopes
would never have been achieved.
Therefore, you will be
the first to witness
the advent of
light from the gods.
This light will be feared
throughout the world.
Humanity will kneel in bondage
to Atlantis once again.
We will supplant the old gods.
Neo Atlantis will lead mankind
away from their deviant ways
and back to the one true path.
We will reclaim the paradise
ruined by unworthy hands
and rule a united planet.
The first step
will be taken tonight!
[crowd cheering]
[Gargoyle] And now, my friends,
the demonstration begins.
[alarm blowing]
[soldier] Sir, the unloading of
Car 14 has not been completed.
Leave it. We must leave
the compound immediately.
[soldier] Understood.
It sure got
quiet all of a sudden.
The coast seems to be clear.
[Grandis] Right.
Uh.
[screaming]
Shhh.
Everyone is
at their assigned post, sir.
Good. Prepare to fire.
Understood. Preparing to fire.
Power down now.
Powering down.
[engine shutting down]
[Jean] Get your hands off--
-What's the...
-Huh?
Release power flow now.
Releasing power flow.
[tech 1] This is
the control room.
All circuitry routed
to the tower.
[tech 2] Understood.
Circuit status report?
[tech 3] Circuits 1 through 16
connected.
All channels are clear.
-[Hanson] Have they found us?
-[Grandis] What is happening?
[tech 1] Feed
power to all systems.
[tech 2] Power
flowing to all systems.
Look at that.
[gasps] It's glowing
just like the Blue Water did.
[tech 3]
Artificial Orihalcon activated.
All circuitry viable.
[tech 4]
Electrical inflow sound.
Initiating particle accelerator.
[tech 5] Particle accelerator
chamber pressure rising.
Pressure normal.
Ready for next phase.
[electricity crackling]
[all gasp]
What's happening to
my lovely hair? [screams]
[tech 1] Voltage
increased to second phase.
[tech 3] Commencing transmission
to Slave Star Michael.
[Gargoyle] Transmission from
Slave Star Michael
has been confirmed.
All praise to our ancestors
for their bountiful legacy.
For 12,000 years
it has waited in the cosmos,
waiting for us to ascend.
[tech 1] Our test target
will be the island of Balkenya.
[tech 2] Initiating
directional locator.
[dramatic music playing]
-[man] There's a reading, sir.
-[Captain Nemo] Hmm?
Unknown indigenous high
energy output at two o'clock.
It's unbelievably strong.
Have they completed the tower?
[tech 3] All
systems fully operational.
[tech 6]
Disengage safety systems.
[all screaming]
[tech 4]
Target Balkenya is locked.
[tech 1] Tolerance adjustment
and reflection angle completed.
[tech 6] Auto-rotation
tracking system is viable.
[tech 3] All safety
systems disengaged.
[tech 2] Thirty seconds
to critical pressure level.
[tech 1] Maximum
voltage has been obtained.
[timer beeping]
[tech] Twenty seconds to firing.
All personnel take proper
ocular safety precautions.
Ten seconds to firing.
-[tech] Eight... seven...
-[all screaming]
[tech] Six... five... four...
three... two... one.
[boom]
[dramatic music playing]
So he's done it.
Gargoyle has finally released
the great abomination.
[Gargoyle] It is glorious.
The world will know
the wrath of God once again,
and they will kneel
in fear to our authority.
He has let loose
the serpent from the pit.
The world may not survive.
[singing in Japanese]